So the goals here are gonna be to practice
navigating between variables and pointers,
learning how to use either the asterisk or
the ampersand depending on what you're
trying to accomplish, and kind of just
have a little bit more exposure to
creating and modifying structs.
So for the directions, you're gonna
define an instance of the user struct.
You can either copy and
paste the one we talked about earlier,
create your own,
whichever you so choose, and
then write a function called update email,
that's gonna take in that user type.
And so the user type will
have an email field on it,
in that update email field function,
update that user's email to something new.
And then lastly,
call update email from main and
verify that the updated
email has persisted.
So you're gonna wanna call both update
email and the original instance of that
user struct, to make sure that the email
was permanently modified in the example.
So you'd like to copy
this code to get started.
It's just the boilerplate for
the go template with a user struct
ready to go for you here as well.